udas to vscode docs update (#519)
KxSystems/kx-vscode: README.md

### API queries

The getData API is a generic data retrieval API that can be executed against an arbitrary database table. It is intended to run on a Data Access Process and retrieve records from a configured database table using a specified dictionary of parameters.

Refer to the [`getData` API](https://code.kx.com/insights/api/database/query/get-data.html) documentation for more information.

### QSQL queries

The `.com_kx_edi.qsql` API is a QSQL query builder that assembles QSQL queries based on a q expression. It is intended ro run on a data process and execute the command sent in from the client.

This function runs an QSQL query.

```
.com_kx_edi.qsql[args]
```

Refer to the [QSQL documentation](https://code.kx.com/insights/api/database/query/qsql.html) for more details.

### SQL queries

The `.com_kx_edi.sql` SQL API allows queries to be distributed/aggregated across multiple DAPs.

This function runs an SQL query.

```
.com_kx_edi.sql[query]
```

Refer to the [SQL documentation](https://code.kx.com/insights/api/database/query/sql.html) for more details.

### UDA queries

> User-Defined Analytics (UDAs), also known as custom APIs, are essential for developers to leverage the capabilities of kdb when building Insights Enterprise. These UDAs are deployed and executed on DAPs and AGGs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User-Defined Analytics (UDAs), also known as custom APIs, are essential for developers to leverage the capabilities of kdb when building Insights Enterprise. These UDAs are deployed to Insights via the Data Access Processes (DAPs) and Aggregators (Aggs).
```

> You can trigger UDAs from the query interface without rewriting them. The platform allows you to easily add custom features and external services to your apps by calling UDAs directly from the SP Pipeline builder, Scratchpad Web Interface, Dashboard, and Query Tab. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UDAs can be called directly within the extension via the UDA tab in a data source. This will provide a form-based approach to populating the UDA parameters.

UDAs can also be called within the Insights Enterprise web interface via Pipelines, Queries and Views. 
```

### Run and populate scratchpad

Running and populating scratchpad are two actions used to execute q code, allowing you to run queries and perform operations on your kdb Insights Enterprise database but they differ in how and where the output is stored and accessed.

When you click **Run**, the q code is executed directly and immediately. This action loads all the fields with any data directly in the q process. The results of the executed code are added to the scratchpad process within the kdb Insights deployment. This means the data is processed and stored in the scratchpad environment on the server. The data is not downloaded to your local machine. Instead, it remains within the scratchpad process on the server, ensuring that the local environment is not burdened with large data transfers.

> The **Populate Scratchpad** option is used to execute q code and store the results in a specified output variable. When you use **populate**, you need to specify an output variable name. The command executes the queries and stores the results in the q process. This command is useful for loading data into a q process and reusing it multiple times without re-executing the queries each time.

Reviewer: Although the QSQL API only runs against a specific Insights database and tier, you may have a requirement to run freeform q against a wider set of data. For this purpose each Insights Enterprise user is assigned a 'scratchpad' q process that is separate from the dedicated query processes. This allows users to run freeform code without affecting the wider system.

You can populate variables in your scratchpad with the results from your queries, and then perform freeform manipulations on those variables.

After you configure a data source in the extension you have two options for executing it
- **Run** will execute your query directly against the relevant API (getData, QSQL, SQL or UDA) and display the results in the extension
- **Populate Scratchpad** will execute your query via scratchpad (which passes it to the relevant API), assign the results to a variable of your choosing in your scratchpad process and then displays them in the extension

In addition to [API queries](https://code.kx.com/insights/api/database/query/get-data.html), if the query environment is enabled on the deployed instance of **kdb Insights Enterprise**, qSQL and SQL queries can be used within a data source with the appropriate parameterization. If qSQL or SQL is required and issues occur trying to run these queries contact a kdb Insights Enterprise administrator for assistance.

### API queries

The getData API provides a method of querying a table using a defined set of parameters. These parameters can be configured through the getData form available in the VSCode extension.

Refer to the [`getData` API](https://code.kx.com/insights/api/database/query/get-data.html) documentation for more information and a full list of available parameters.

> ### QSQL queries

Author: @Philip-Carneiro-KX I added a warning to advise on enabling QE for QSQL queries. Please see warning below.
